you're watching a video this is the
would you rather tag okay
hey guys so today we're gonna be doing
the would you rather book edition tag
that we came up with we all came up with
different questions from different books
so we've each read and also just some
bookish questions so let's get into it
shall we shall we we shall yes let's do
it
would you rather read a hardcover or a
paper back I prefer paperbacks because
they're cheaper and they're also just
nice to hold also prefer paper bags
because I like whenever the spine like
creases and you can see how much read I
think I'm in the minority with everybody
here I like hard backs because I tend to
lend my books out a lot and so that way
they are I really like having heart
backs because they last a lot longer and
I don't mind paying more for them would
you rather buy your book online or at a
bookstore
I prefer buying online because again
it's cheaper most of the time yeah I
know that my online and I like whenever
a box comes in the mail and you're just
like for me from me it's like sitting
there on your doorstep just glowing yeah
exactly and you bring it in your life I
say online as well unless you're going
secondhand bookstore cuz then that'll be
cheaper because the shipping would you
rather be a runner in the maze runner or
a tribute in the Hunger Games
personally I would like to be a runner
in the Maze Runner because either one of
these situations you have the chance of
dying in The Hunger Games you'd have to
kill people and the Maze Runner you'd
have to kill creepers so I'm gonna go
with The Maze Runner I was gonna say the
same thing I would rather be a runner
even though I really hate right but I'm
not sure on an easy situation so I'd
rather be a runner and also I feel like
your chance of dying in the Hunger Games
is higher because everyone is against
you and against each other and if you're
careful and smart you can avoid nothing
better in yeah
the mace I'd rather be a runner in the
maze as well because at some points you
can work together with people like
whenever they were fighting the griever
by the door in The Hunger Games you
might have an alliance for a while but
at some point everyone wants to kill you
you have no friends story of my life
would you rather ride a broom or a
Hippogriff I'm all for the hypocrites
just saying it'd be fun yeah hilarious
broom even though I'd probably really
bad at it I would love to you know play
Quidditch and stuff and yeah I'm gonna
go with Hippogriff make a new friend
with would you rather be on the run from
Count Olaf or on the run from the
Snatchers like in Deathly Hallows I'm
gonna say on the run from cattle off
especially if the bottle air children
would be my siblings I'd be nice I feel
like he'd just be easier to hide from
because obviously they tricked him a lot
of times so I'd say on the run from
Count Olaf
samesies Snatchers are scarier than
Count Olaf to me like yeah he's pretty
devious and whatever about like you said
like little kids trick - I'd say the
same thing because chances are with
Snatchers you would be going back to the
dark wizards and they can torture you
with magic which would probably be awful
Count Olaf doesn't have magic all he has
is like let's just kill you this way or
something like that would you rather go
on a trip to Amsterdam with hazel and
Augustus or would you rather go on a
road trip with Quentin Jacobsen and his
friends I'm gonna have to go with
Amsterdam because I've always wanted a
to answer down you know my answer
I'd rather travel overseas and just stay
in America chasing after a crazy
psychopath I say the same thing because
it's travelling overseas and be I like
hazel and Augustus more as people and
the last question for this part of the
tag is would you rather explore Narnia
or explore Hogwarts I'm gonna go with
the different answers I'm not gonna say
Hogwarts because I feel like that's what
you guys are expecting I'm gonna explore
Narnia just because I think it'd be
really pretty and
I mean you meet mr. Tumnus and the
beavers and just a lot of fun stuff I
would much rather go to Hogwarts but I'd
have to be magical so I could get there
but I am magical too I actually say
Narnia as well because I think if I'm
going to Hogwarts as I am now I'm not
magical and I just get looked down upon
looks let's see it apart one of the
would you rather book edition tag thing
if you'd like to watch part 2 click on
Kathleen's face if you'd like to watch
part 3 click on Maureen's face and we'll
see you in either part 2 or part 3 click
it what are you doing with your life you
better click it we're waiting go get out
of here get out of here okay bye
[Music]